good evening I'm cheer oh and this has
been let's play amazing island for the
nintendo gamecube yeah they just
chickened out with the ending and just
it's all a dream I find that very
dissatisfaction or sit dissatisfactory
it's like mario brothers to you play the
whole game like oh wait this is all a
dream of being in the world agree haha
funny i might be appropriate for kids
but then again it just ruins the whole
metaphysical aspects what's the point of
a dream when it's not real unless he
going like Australian Dream time yeah
too much discussion alrighty and now we
see the various preset go whoa what is
that crazy japanese as i was saying
they're all the preset mole not all of
them but a selection of the preset
monsters that the designers here made
you actually can see who did what where
and on the right to the right yes we
have brow a preset monster doing the
demo he's featured in the artwork which
i'm not sure if i'm going to show off or
not
so yes this is a good game not great but
good with all the monster designs and I
hope you're enjoying these credits
because this is the only time you will
ever see it for very straight or a very
strange reason you can only see them
once now the first time you beat it and
you'll find that odd because you would
think the you know creators want to get
credit all the time or that what their
credit is do you well that's how it goes
it kind of fits with how the the end
game situation is because this is as a
this is what I call a why I actually
don't have a term for it but it's a game
that basically the end game is at the
beat the whole game is n games kind of
like animal crossings or crystal
chronicles where there's no there's your
replay value because the entire game is
just we played continuously
that is all i have to say so now i'm
rambling
so yes I'm thoroughly sick of this game
and people will thoroughly be sick I
said well they try to get everything
there's literally 150 accessories
there's 25 patterns and I think 20
voices and 20 eyes and you have to do
that during the advanced course and the
advanced course has to be played four
times to complete the game and it just
it's the same 16 games over and over
again meters when I put a bullet through
your head but all the extra stuff is
worth it that's fine you only do it once
and then you pick it out and put around
with it
okay now let's see if I do this right do
not freeze on me there we go Wow five
years already mm-hmm and I hope that
external siren doesn't pick up hey
where's the prompt yes I know it's by
Sega go away there you go yes save your
current game you have to save it a
change memory card change memory card
save new yes they do not even give you
an option to skip saving you have to and
so once you saved it basically it goes
yes candy without saying yes continue
without saying no I don't want to save
my current roster sheesh whatever you
save and basically get a couple of
things unlocked in game you can now all
the villagers have updated so they say
well thank you for what you've done and
you get to play we play the evil mutt no
not trade monsters I'm not thinking yeah
this is where you trade monsters and
this is where you have the very nice
hollow lightly mix no yeah you'd be
surprised how many people miss that okay
yes story line up if you didn't have it
before when you beat the game you have
the sound test unlocked and this is a
loo while they are referring to although
it's not a real luelle because as you
see the pigs are alive and kicking
and dang it i want my pulled pork so
here's a full cast and basically it's
kind of interesting to see a party
celebration as an aside rather than part
of the credits but anyways once you save
the credits you can return to the island
and all the characters are like well
thank you and they give you tips most of
it is about how to play monster cards
also you can go to one of the shots and
there's a pig you talk to it it squeaks
next week anoints and unlocks piggy mode
so all the games now have pigs featured
in them and it's very helpful because
they usually use oil in it for our cues
to actually do your timings and it's
more helpful than the original sound
effects and that i may do in a year or
twos time but like i said here or to my
bathroom music
that is about it
so until next time I'm tiro and have fun
gaming see ya
you